hi this is bruce with ir too BTW this is
our first video just to demonstrate the
very basic capabilities of the ir too
BTW device as you can see i have the TV
on receivers on just going to
demonstrate powering on the ps3 hitting
the music button this is a logitech 670
remote the ir too BTW device is the
small little black box you see sitting
on the white piece of paper in the
middle
so as you can see it receive the IR
commands from the 670 and powered on the
ps3 now we're using our arrow buttons to
scroll back and forth go through our
music we can go through a click at a
time you can see even the fast scrolls
to go down quickly
so we can play select music stop back
out there will be more videos to come to
demonstrate all the capabilities of the
ir too BTW i just wanted to get this
quick video out to show some people of
its capabilities and that's it the next
thing i'll show you is the power off
sequence and all i did was i changed
this is adding the standard sony
playstation 2 ir codes i just added one
more two more codes to the end of the
power off sequence it defaults to the
hitting the power button for three
seconds and then i had just added two
more x's so if i hit power off you'll
see that it automatically powers off the
ps3 that's all for now stay tuned we'll
have more videos very soon thanks
you